fix: add wallet_unavailable error code; fixes #191 (#200)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

- The value of the `request_uri_method` request parameter is neither `get` nor `post` (case-sensitive).

`wallet_unavailable`:

> - The Wallet could not respond to the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Wallet appears as currently unavailable and therefore unable to process the request.
```

Reviewer 2: The grammar in Guiseppe's suggestion is a little odd; this would be slightly better I think:

```suggestion
- The Wallet appears to be unavailable and therefore unable to respond to the request.
```

> - The Wallet appears to be unavailable and therefore unable to respond to the request. This can be useful in situations where the user agent cannot invoke the Wallet and another component receives the request while and the user wishes to continue the journey on the Verifier website. For example, this applies when using claimed HTTPS URIs handled by the Wallet provider in case the platform cannot or does not translate the URI into a platform intent to invoke the Wallet.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The Wallet appears to be unavailable and therefore unable to respond to the request. It can be useful in situations where the User Agent cannot invoke the Wallet and another component receives the request while the End-User wishes to continue the journey on the Verifier website. For example, this applies when using claimed HTTPS URIs handled by the Wallet provider in case the platform cannot or does not translate the URI into a platform intent to invoke the Wallet.
```

> - The Wallet appears to be unavailable and therefore unable to respond to the request. This can be useful in situations where the user agent cannot invoke the Wallet and another component receives the request while and the user wishes to continue the journey on the Verifier website. For example, this applies when using claimed HTTPS URIs handled by the Wallet provider in case the platform cannot or does not translate the URI into a platform intent to invoke the Wallet.

Reviewer 3: If my understanding is correct, I would add something to clarify that it is not the wallet, but the wrong component invoked instead of a correct wallet that return this error?

Author: Yes, that is correct. I can add this.

Author: @Sakurann I updated the PR.

> - The Wallet appears to be unavailable and therefore unable to respond to the request. This can be useful in situations where the user agent cannot invoke the Wallet and another component receives the request while the user still controls the user experience and wishes to continue the journey on the Verifier website. For example, this applies when using claimed HTTPS URIs handled by the Wallet provider in case the platform cannot or does not translate the URI into a platform intent to invoke the Wallet.

Reviewer: I would use the term user-agent to clarify that's a specialized entity

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I'm following, could you expand on your suggestion please Guiseppe? Maybe suggest alternative text?

Requests from the Wallet to the Verifier SHOULD be sent with the minimal amount of information possible, and in particular, without any HTTP headers identifying the software used for the request (e.g., HTTP libraries or their versions). The Wallet MUST NOT send PII or any other data that could be used for fingerprinting to the Request URI in order to prevent user tracking. 

## Authorization Error Response with Wallet unavailable error code

> In the event that another component is invoked instead of the Wallet, the user MUST be informed and give consent before returning the `wallet_unavailable` Authorization Error Response to the Verifier.

Reviewer 3: so we are relying on this `another component that is invoked` to return this error, right?

Author: Yes

> In the event that another component is invoked instead of the Wallet while the user still controls the user experience, the user MUST be informed and give consent before returning the `wallet_unavailable` Authorization Error Response to the Verifier.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I follow the 'while the user still controls the user experience' part. What is an example of where the user isn't in control?

Author: I think I can remove that by-sentence because we are already saying the user MUST be informed. I updated the PR.
